---
layout: post
title: ! 'Sovereign Bank: Anything for a $35 charge'
tags:
- life
---

So after moving to CA we clearly don't need our Sovereign Bank accounts
anymore. I set out the other day on a mission to clear all auto payments from
them, and also close the account.

The first people I talked to said I need to get the account down to a $0
balance. Simple. I cleared out auto payments, made sure everything was in
order. Did a $1.18 transfer to my new ING (awesome by the way) account and
thought I was good.

At that point a couple of things happened. First I missed an auto payment. My
amazon web services (s3) account wasn't moved to the new credit card so they
chared me $.73. This came out before my transfer so it suceeded. The next step
unfortunately sucks. My gas company has a horrible website and I while I thought
I removed the auto payment, I did not. Even though the auto payment was set for
"what was due" and even though my balance was technically $0.0 cause I had paid
their $16 dollar charge manually they billed me for the $16 again. So now my
balance with them is $16 over and sovereign got a $16 charge that the account
couldn't afford.

They charged me $35 for this $16 overcharge. Then my $1.18 charge came in and I
get hit with $35 again. This is ridiculous. I call with the goal of 1) closing
the account, 2) paying the balance, 3) trying to get one (at least) of the
charges removed.

The first lady I spoke to was a complete bitch and told me they couldn't do
anything for the charges and the ONLY way for me to pay is to mail a check. The
caveat is that I'm already 3 days overdrawn (of course I only found out
today...) and if I get to 6 days overdrawn they charge me AGAIN. So mailing in a
check is a huge gamble. Honestly at this point I bet if I mail a check, they
won't "process" it till after the fee date so I would get charged. She told me
mailing the check is the only option since I can't make it to a branch.

After this I ask to speak to a supervisor. This supervisor sounded good at
first. She is reversing one of the charges and she also told me I can pay over
the phone "for a fee". I assume by fee she meant $1-2, like the fee to pay your
gas bill over the phone or something like that. I was happy with one $35 dollar
fee reversal at least. So now I need to wait until Monday, check that the $35
fee is removed and then call to close the account.

Here's the kicker: She then informs me to double check all of my payment
accounts (like that amazon one) cause for THIRTY days after the "request" to
close my account, sovereign will PAY CHARGES that come into the account and
charge me $35 for each one? WHAT THE FUCK. There is no logical reason that they
can't just start denying charges to my account.  I want to close the account and
have sovereign do NOTHING else but this aparently isn't an option. They
basically force me to be open to charges for another 30 days. And why not? If
they can force this on me they can get $35 bucks everytime I forget about
another auto payment going into my account.

The other kicker: The "fee" is $15 for paying over the phone... cause that's
what Western Union charges they tell me. Give me a fucking break.  They have
online banking and billpay technology, but they can't take a payment from my
other bank without a $15 dollar fee? This is bullshit.  Complete bullshit. Fuck
sovereign.

So now my plan is to get rid of sovereign in my life as fast as possible. I'm
going to make sure the $35 dollar reversal is on my account on Monday. I'm going
to make sure Amazon S3 is set to bill my other credit card. Then on Monday I
will call collections and have them bill me $15 bucks in order to make a instant
payment to be able to close the account. Then I will pray that I don't get
another payment to the sovereign account for $30 days.

I will be calling customer service on Monday as well to find out if there is ANY
way to actually close the account. There has to be, policy or not that is
ridiculous.

**Update:** Amazon S3 payment moved. Now just waiting for Monday to call
sovereign's collections department and then customer service after.

**Quick Comment:** I just wanted to quickly make another point. I'm glad I'm in
a situation that I can pay these ridiculous fees without missing rent and other
things like that. What if I were much worse off? I can't imagine people living
paycheck to paycheck being able to deal with this.  Something has got to change.

**Great Idea from Coworker:** On Monday I will also report my cards as stolen so
that sovereign WON'T TAKE CHARGES FROM THEM!

**Uggg:** Wanted to overnight a check from ING for $20 bucks since I'd rather
pay ING+Courier $20 than Sovereign+Western Union $15, but since their collection
address is a PO Box you can't overnight courier deliver to them... of course.

**Update:** It's Monday morning past 8 and unfortunately the payment I
transfered from ING and the $35 reversal don't show up on my account.  Going to
wait until tomorrow I guess to see if those things post. It's amazing how some
banks do things immediately while others take days to get the simplest things
done. I did call in order to report our cards lost (without replacement since
that's another fee of course...) so now hopefully no payments can go
through. It's amazing how rude the lady can be on the phone. She asks me for
recent transactions to veryify me. I give her one and she goes "Can you give me
another?"... so I give her another. After that she asks again so I read off
about 4-5 from the account and she gets annoyed at me "Just give me one sir!"...

Amazing.
