---
layout: post
title: My Favorite Twitch Streamers
tags:
  - sc2
  - league of legends
  - video games
---

I watch a lot of twitch.tv. This makes sense due to my employer having 3+ games
in the top ten at any given moment. I wanted to take a post and point out my
favorite streamers and why I like their streams so much. I am going to break
this down by game but currently I'm watching more Hearthstone than anything
else.

## Starcraft II

### Day9

Anyone who has watches almost any Starcraft knows of Day9. I'm one of the many
who enjoys his Starcraft II casting a lot. I've watched his Day9 daily show
since it was on Livestream (before he switched to UStream and now finally
Twitch). For those looking for an intro in what this dude is like, take a look
at his 100th Day 9 Daily. This video is good even for non-gamers. He discusses
his life, how he got into Starcraft, his families involvement in his Starcraft
career and other such stuff.

His stream is generally extremely entertaining and informative. He has a good
schedule that now includes playing random games on Fridays and studying
Hearthstone on Wednesdays as well as his normal Starcraft dailies on
Sunday-Tuesday and Thursday.

### EGHuk

When I'm in the mood for serious, high-level sc2 play... this is one of the
channels I turn to. I've liked watching Huk play since seeing him live at the
IEM NY 2010 tournament at Comic Con NY.

### Idra

Love him or hate him his skill in sc2 is pretty high. Lately he's also been
playing some Dota2 with fans so I haven't been watching as much... but I still
love watching his sc2 games.

## Hearthstone

### ItsHafu

Hafu become a well known name after winning the 2011 World of Warcraft arena
tournament with her team at Blizzcon 2011. Since then she has played some
Bloodline Champions, League of Legends and others before settling into her
current schedule of 100% Hearthstone. She discusses strategy, has good mods, has
a great community surrounding her stream and is a generally positive
person. Definitely one of my favorite streams at the moment!

### Artosis

I love this dude's stream no matter what he's playing, but lately it's been a
lot of Hearthstone. Make sure to check out his Turn 2 podcast on iHearthU as
well! He's normally working on constructed play (not arena like most streamers)
and I love this aspect. He normally cranks out a ton of games while slowly
improving his decks which is definitely fun to watch.

### APDrop

Knowledgable CCG player who heavily discusses his strategy while playing
hearthstone constructed. Low pop stream at the moment so he often interacts with
chat. Very informative. Very good games. Nothing not to like!

### Reynad

Another former MTG player who explains his decisions in game very well with
great constructed play any time his stream is on. Well worth the time.

## League of Legends

### Voyboy

I started watching Voyboy during season 3 when he played top. Unfortunately he's
currently playing mid on Team Curse... but I still end up watching. He does a
great job of explaining most game decisions including what he did wrong after a
particularly bad game. Great game sense and a good mix of explanation and game
play made this one of my favorite streams on Twitch for a long time.

### Quas

Quas is the current top laner for Team Curse and while he doesn't stream a lot,
when he does you end up seeing some great top lane play featuring some champs
that you don't always see when watching tournament streams. He's currently my
favorite top lane stream... wished he was able to stream more often when I could
watch.

### Phreak

A Riot employee and caster of many League of Legends events, Phreak is very well
known to anyone that is into league of legends. His stream delivers. He
constantly plays many roles and many champs and explains a lot about how they
all play. For any casual player of the game, there is a lot to learn about
champs you don't play and Phreak's stream is a great way to do that.
