---
layout: post
title: MiT Mystery Hunt
redirect_from: /mit-mystery-hunt/
tags:
  - mystery hunt
  - travel
  - life
---

For many years while living in Boston (and even a couple from UMass) I
participated in the [MiT Mystery Hunt](http://www.mit.edu/~puzzle/). I wasn't
able to go the past two years (2012 was right after we moved to CA, and 2013 was
also a busy time at work). This year I can finally make my return to my team:
[Grand Unified Theory of Love](http://doombot.com/mh/index.php?title=Main_Page).

The team was founded by a good friend of mine (he was my best man at my
wedding!) so all of the people that go generally know him. The hunt is going to
be a great way for me to see a bunch of people in a really efficient time frame.

I leave early Thursday morning. I will arrive around 4:30pm so I will be able to
participate in the dinner that the team holds that night. Friday we will go to
MiT between 9-10am in order to setup. The hunt officially starts at noon. It
will end (normally) sometime Saturday or Sunday. I leave Sunday evening and will
land back in CA around 10pm.

The hunt has been student run since it's inception and has grown to be a huge
event. The hunt always has a theme and ends with a physical run around campus to
try and find the "coin". Our team is not that competitive so we never actually
do this end run-around. We mainly just focus on solving as many of the puzzles
as we can. The team has steadily improved for a number of years so I'm really
excited to rejoin!

Puzzles involve everything! Random archaic knowledge, pop-culture stuff,
programming puzzles, physical events, music/sound related and even knitting all
have a chance of showing up so it really does involve a full team of geeks in
order to pull out a lot of correct answers.

My team prepares some easy practice puzzles and I haven't been able to do them
yet. I feel like a slacker. I might try and look at them tomorrow :frowning:

Regardless I can't wait to start!
