---
layout: post
title: 2014 Review
tags:
  - life
---

So now that 2014 is over I wanted to look over my goals that I wrote about last
year and see how I did at meeting them.

## 1) Blog more / Become a better writer

Pretty big failure here. I only made 38 blog posts in 2014 which is far below
what I'd hoped to do. That is only 10% or one blog post every 9.6 days. I'm
hoping to raise that this year.

## 2) Stop forgetting things / Avoid interruptions

This I did much better on, but not perfect. Basically on days when I was good
about using my journal, I wouldn't forget things. Surprise!

So this year I definitely want to keep using the journal in order to not have
anything fall by the wayside. The main technique of bullet journaling is going
over your jounral and moving/prioritizing/dropping items based on what's going
on now, or in the coming weeks. This process does really work. When looking at
the last week of work many things I wrote down are either complete or not
important. Both can be either checked or marked off. At least nothing is
forgotten.

As far as avoiding interruptions I did ok. I did turn off most phone
interuptions and I do feel like I avoided distractions a bit more. I focused on
what I wanted to do that day and got it done way more often. I will definitely
continue this in 2015.

## 3) Continue learning / Work on side projects

This is the easiest goal. This year I dived into
[javascript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript) and
[node.js](http://nodejs.org/) as well as learning
[Angular.js](https://angularjs.org/) and [Ember.js](http://emberjs.com/). I
liked Ember so much that I decided to make my raid scheduling site an
[ember app](http://coretheloothound.com) powered by a
[back end rails api](http://byfirebepurged.com).

I worked on Emacs and Vim plugins throughout the year as normal. I didn't do a
much learning about Java as I probably should have... but that just reflects my
current interests.

I learned a lot about scrumm and kanban this year which is good for future
growth at work. I definitely will keep this up. Learning about managing
techniques is next.

## 4) Plan for parenting later on / Don't lose myself

I haven't had to do too much in this regard yet. The baby didn't take up enough
time to make myself want to plan around it. I will probably drop this as a goal
until it becomes needed.

## 5) Read more

Another failure. I did finish some books that I started but I didn't read a
lot. I don't know how praticle this goal was considering that I can't read
during my commute. I read a lot online when learning about new programming
languages or techniques and I've read a few manager/process books, but other
than that a lot of reading didn't really happen.
