---
layout: post
title: Leading With Empathy
tags:
  - management
  - leadership
---

I'm finding that leaders don't always lead with empathy. To start, here is the
definition of empathy that I'm using:

> **empathy** - the ability to understand and share the feelings of another

It's also useful to discuss exactly what my priorities are when managing:

1. Grow the career of the employee. This includes finding growth opportunities
and making sure the employee knows their strengths.
2. Representing the employee to the rest of the company and department.
3. Finding my own replacement. This ties into the first goal. You can find more
   [information
   elsewhere](https://www.hrbartender.com/2015/recruiting/your-goal-as-a-manager-find-your-replacement/).

So far in my career I find empathy to be one of the most important skills when
managing employees and trying to lead at the same time.

One of the goals when leading an organization is thinking about it's future
growth and development. You want your employees to want to work their for a long
time. There are a lot of books about this topic and one of my favorites is [The
Progress
Principle](https://hbr.org/product/the-progress-principle-using-small-wins-to-ignite-joy-engagement-and-creativity-at-work/10106-HBK-ENG). Another
book that often talks about these same ideas is [Give and
Take](https://www.amazon.com/Give-Take-Helping-Others-Success/dp/0143124986).

In order to put these ideas into practice you have to be able to find road
blocks and understand what makes your employees happy. Why are they working for
you in the first place? What would keep them here? What would make them leave? I
try to ask these questions directly during 1 on 1's in order to keep things in
perspective. You're not always going to get completely honest answers, but in my
opinion, my data is better than less.

When working on decisions that affect the business and my team, I try to
remember what it was like to be in their shoes and try to anticipate how they
will react. The more I know them, the easier this is. Often anticipating
reactions can help lead to better ideas that will keep their goals in
perspective. If I think a certain employee won't respond well if they don't have
input early, I try to bring them in early.

You've never able to apply these ideas in every situation, but the more you do,
the more trust you earn and the less of an impact the other times will have on
the employee and/or team.

I also feel that you should want to fight for all of your employees that are on
board with the business goals. Clearly if you have someone that doesn't want to
be there, or refuses to improve that's a different story. However if you have
someone that wants to be there, and is trying, you should either be willing to
fight for them, or not be their manager.

When doing this you should be able to get employees that actively like you as
their manager. They should want to do a good job and they should want to
improve. At that point don't let anyone convince you that this employee isn't
worth fighting for. Figure out what their goals are and help them reach them,
even if it's replacing you at your own job... which should be one of your goals
anyway.
